Add patch version upgrade testing (#845)
astronomer/astronomer: bin/functional-tests/README.md

### Testinfra

For connections to pods, we are using the [testinfra](https://testinfra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) pip module, which is a simple library that simplifies making assertions about remote environments. Originally designed to help test remote systems over SSH, it also now supports connecting to docker containers or kubernetes pods.

Let's consider this simple test:

```
def test_prometheus_user(prometheus):
    user = prometheus.check_output('whoami')
    assert user == "nobody", \
        f"Expected prometheus to be running as 'nobody', not '{user}'"
```

This function name starts with "test_", a pytest convention to indicate this is a pytest function. Pytest function parameters are test fixtures. Since this test has a parameter 'prometheus', pytest will match this name to a pytest fixture of the same name, and provide it as an argument in this function. In this case, it will consume the following test fixture:

```
@pytest.fixture(scope='session')
def prometheus(request):
    yield testinfra.get_host(f'kubectl://astronomer-prometheus-0?container=prometheus&namespace=astronomer')
```

> This test fixture is making use of both 'pytest' and 'testinfra'. The pytest.fixture decorator indicate to pytest that this is a fixture. testinfra is used to simplify the connection logic. We can see that the test function above makes use of the testinfra host object (the result of the get_host call that is provided by this fixture) with the 'check_output' function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test fixture is making use of both 'pytest' and 'testinfra'. The `@pytest.fixture` decorator indicate to pytest that this is a fixture. testinfra is used to simplify the connection logic. We can see that the test function above makes use of the testinfra host object (the result of the get_host call that is provided by this fixture) with the `check_output` function:
```

This line:

> ```

Reviewer: Switching the leading fence to \`\`\`python would give syntax highlighting
